# HackThisSite.org Guide 2019
A compilation of solutions and various notes for the HackThisSite.org pentesting challenges, intended to be accurate as of 2Q 2019. 

<b><i>Please note the following restrictions and caveats. Please read them in full. Continuing to read or interact with this repo in any manner signifies consent to these terms.</i></b>

<ol type="1">
  <li>This guide is not comprehensive by any means. I'm mostly just uploading my notes as I get to each exercise, and I have no real intention to complete all challenges. It's all for fun, as things like this should be.</li>
  <li>I try to put names in &#34;quotes&#34;, URLs and URL parameters in <b>bold</b>, and commands and code as <code>code</code>. If you need to input custom data, I put what you need to replace in [brackets].</li>
  <li>Please try and attempt each challenge before referencing my notes. It will be more difficult and take longer, but you'll learn much more.</li>
  <li>Don't use my text or my particular solutions in any other forms of media, or attempt to pass off anything I write here as your own. I understand that solutions are often done in a similar manner as what I put here, so I understand that the commands and tools you use may be the same as mine. That's fine. Just don't copy my other notes or stuff that is clearly generated by me.</li> 
  <li>These notes should be for personal use only. Educational, commercial, or governmental use is expressly prohibited without my written consent.</li>
  <li>Don't use any of this for illegal purposes. I understand that not all IT security people feel the need to stay white-hat. However, I myself am purely white-hat, and I expect you to be the same. Don't use my notes - or the skills you learn by using my solutions - for anything that could even be concievably mistaken as illegal activity. If you wouldn't do it in front of an FBI agent or your mom, don't do it at all. I will go out of my way to help law enforcement if they reach out to me about something I post here.</li>
</ol>

Any questions, comments, concerns? Let me know. Have fun!

-Mark
<br>
Twitter: @keewenaw
